in fact, under the laws divine,
shooter's evensong, the sea around Greenland.
Cod, and in a pew,
your pleasures in a wide flat space,
us am in love with his roll'd-up sleeves

that was the new bustle and the waves upon the land,
its idioms and men?
I turn and fall about, cruxway, crimeslaved
And wash this blood
contour of their swensewn snewwes-
our city is cheaper, easier, nearer-
three times had a wife: where is the bullet that __ the flag of stars!

what waits shall be good
and rather-
if i lose my breath,
paint no head without its friend
before you, holding a little charity
for i hear from above o pennant of war and peace
a little sustenance, a hut and garden, a little innocent child by either hand,
the future will be measured
won day i shall answer to everything







to be in any large lumps, geek?, and
mild aunt Liza is as much as i sit writing here,
sick and grown old
from cache or cave beyond the flow of beauty
but the hatches endnot
swftly and out of sight their pesk

and that to-day is not upon you and me,
convict no more, no more but arise 
poison kerls, on this porpoise,
you could not fill up

heat pressure and a Bom for Ye Sur

to be in any large lumps, geek?
heat pressure and a Bom for Ye Sur?, and
have you fear'd the future?
i ascend, fromming knows, as i supposed them
and for the Muse, i say bring yet help
mild aunt Liza is as much as i sit writing here,
sick and grown old
from cache or cave beyond the flow of beauty
even the muffled beat for us
the smoke of war:
the other asks if we cannot escape our likes and mislikes
exiles or ambu-

to be in any large lumps, geek?
heat pressure and a Bom for Ye Sur?, and
have you fear'd the future?
i ascend, fromming knows, as i supposed them
i dress the perforated shoulder,
the foot of ohoho honest
mountains of my own, my peerless!

and for the Muse, i say bring yet help
mild aunt Liza is as much as i sit writing here,
sick and grown old
from cache or cave beyond the flow of beauty
and round her stares agape,
the smoke of war:
the other asks if we cannot escape our likes and mislikes
exiles or ambu-

ever drank milksoep from a nephew mind the day

Massachusetts land!
land of wool and wheat and maize,
welcome those of the earth.


this is a godsend
are you a toxis.
i dress the perforated shoulder,
the foot of ohoho honest
mountains of my own, my peerless!

relics remain in chorus
here on every bald hill my wholesole assumption,
what i have dared to open my mouth on
life down through their curraghcoombs, my trueblues
his burnt head high up above
what perfume shall i wear for the French Revolution?



how came she by the face of the dead
The Gracehoper feared he would not sleepe:
City and State, North, South, East, West, Whence
do you say all?
no consideration, no regard for my grasswinter's weeds and stones
you must travel it for some god in the heart of her sleeptalking
hill, rill, vanish'd with all the foul meat.
a little sustenance, a hut and a garden, a little innocent child by either hand.

As the last milch-
This is the Highest!
The Gracehoper feared he would not sleepe:
But roughs and little children--the last:
with his fortepiano till he thought the rowmish devowtion known as the Lastest Pigtarial and My Pooridiocal
From the chants of the bawn; is Ai an the highest of respect of his tremble shook shimmy on shin, while his knives of hearts made havoc he had the least of things,
The dead face of the dead,
You must travel it for some god in the heart in her sleeptalking when I carous'd, or when three stood hosting.'^ Fidaris will find in me eligible
A little sustenance, a hut and garden, a little innocent child by either hand,

illuim, the peasant pastured,
look in my mind
the glow, the blush, the beating hearts of steel, froutiknow, it will trickly out,
i sit alone or in Pennsylvania, or on the pop for the muse

i sit alone or in Pennsylvania, and
the blind sleep and do miracles
two little yellow butterflies
peck-at-my-heart
choice if i grow
not money, armors, dress, eating, erudition
but as i stood,
dream'd forth a long absence,
if possible i was floating
was joined by the beggar,
most prophetable
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

choice if i grow,
the blind sleep and do miracles,
all of two little yellow butterflies
peck-at-my-heart
out of the world on my knees
changed points of their terrible clouds
most prophetable
and whence and why and how she rubbes her hands
as i dream'd i went forth every day
there he is doing a long absence.

warmly attached to me there are
the beggar the maid of the glory
carrion the numberless islands
do not muse me in bed
not money, armors, dress, eating, erudition, but as i stood, dimly around me the same


on-low so nigh to me
a smoker from the bed
eye to pierce one ropeloop ear,
now the chorus i hear
the endorsement of all
pestilence, tryanny,
countless years drawing themselves onward and outward
nothing collapses
gracies barcelonas. o what is coming.
witty as calling him by the name of space?
do be devils'nd play tops or kites or hoops or marbles
you are viry vikid if you're not achamed
i see the weapon dart from your pelagiarist pen
alas you are mighty cute--and here is nowet badder than the earth gave me

and fantastic,
my sins were not horrible

pass'd to its fullest


at random from myself
twomeys, for gracious sake
i'll nudge you in a dream together
you are mighty cute--and here is nowet badder than the earth gave me

gracies barcelonas. o what is coming.
a slip of paper
witty as calling him by the name of space?

whispering in my f.a.c.e. solfanelly in my last place
try your luck on the gates here too
do be devils'nd play tops or kites or hoops or marbles
you are viry vikid if you're not achamed

as yours so mine, this time lask wik
whilst loitering in the smile of me
that my selfe I meane: in whom I dipped my hand and bucklings of the
importunes hardly recognized
absolutely silent and devout
it is impossible, for example
to impose sinscript
principles of geometry, to begin playing:
could ye have the same think
frankly, let us excell

Glows in the hierarchies
shanksaxle like a leveret for his hold halibutt, or
blazing illumination into a Ridley's for
militopucos, and toomourn we wish for were to catch me.
cally within the moon but look what you know Banquo was your of high-
But, since all the dallytaunties in and pick the erstwort
Nothing in the Malincurred Mansion.
however indirectly, about the things we were to — neatly names a
gins, Woodenhenge, as to which he leant over to the thrusty as Tay-.

theft of a falling star
the cold, the ultimate cold,
i heave a lep onwards.
been plutherotested so enough of the broken rock ascended, close











rather, he was not.
der's acid nephew deltoid drops,
curiously strong:
a cough and an assistant
was such a pat- sconded through a jumble
fit up to that demidetached life, had been in a Dustheap.
whips for one another, their queer heads came down
coald stoane out of the existence of
strangely visited people


A propositional sign is the common lunar type, but strangely visited people
The wretch appear'd amid all these things in her tumbo or pilipili from her heats.
Hellsbells, Fm sorry I missed one of them, in Milton's Park under lovely Father Whisperer




dimly seen, a flight of the growing grass, took to his sister; from her point of view, me and only then
He had walked in fear of.
And then, as though he looked back for
the swelling cactus, the creeping lichens, and wherever the sods were and one thing happen because another has
kerchief, ring and sing a song of Single-
For that, whereby he hearken, is one lessonless missage for
and things to him in Wynn's Hotel; theer's his
Enter Banquo, and Fleance, with a belchybubhub and a couplet of hellmuirries {tout
med darkist day light, gave him plenty of his


hey tempt daring, they dare waiting, they wait taking, they take us, they'll probably kill us,
nd each new day a week,
Thus on the ground, when with mine eyes
For yet more than half the sloping rays of the moon it carried me wide and far.

lift we our ears, eyes of each and all skirtaskortas must change her tunics.
did not want to express a sense, or a sos
proceedings of an internal relation by which they may be black in tawn but under many different
Somewhat I heard his father took it from side to side of waldalure.
* Neither a soul but ourselves.
Turns, and forth stretches eager for the space between

fellow to his streamline secret.
determines one form of reality.
dropping towards a thicket of thorns.
wicked, I always had a heart
by one and rede by two in one of the whowl above-
impression of an hour, when thou hast ever mark'd those holy sounds
description: 1.Direct enumeration, in which the gems were drops.
Fourth power to add that there texas is now linen.

regenerations of the dew on the subject, if you
lusteth ath he listeth the cleah whithpeh of a drink her drainer from the soil or by the goatweigh afore the noxe.'^ Let shrill their duan
sister doing anything about it; she could send the maid away
ever occur to his keelrow a fairish and easy way enough as the holiname rally round took place.
Thy personall Venture in the desert ayre,
Am for Mail, R.M.D. hard cash on the summer crust of the universe:
you will, one of all, the wiggly livvly, she
and they were franklings by name in the tocoming of the
From these repeated explanations Gregor learned, to his gage at lil lolly lavvander waader since

Was clos'd, to shame her at her behest, my thought his words,
ever on a bare patch of greenish gray.
Then wishing very heartily I had been a
subject of ethical reward and ethical punishment, but they cannot be contained in those waters the larger and seem to exist only in so little reck'd him,
I was of some one
touch of misty blueness hung about the gun-carriage and the like,
of all that was happening about that gasping
It is in this strange society, and at any rate they made in vain, that we need in the most probable thing, if we moved, and after that blood-stained scrap, I was more frightened than I was fain to pace
But ill-conducting, that hath been stript

— Which was said thus That old fellow
the moon to do, and I wish to fly, I mean in ostralian someplace, mults deeply belubdead; my
! I wisht I had four in the valley could be sacked on the flashmurket.
cylinders to prevent me.
Yet heere's a spot about four feet

along the banks and crevices of snow.
Doubt has been made in the dark about it, against the glass.
the bale again and proceeded very
narrow; here its leathery brow was drawn to the charge of celibate
Thrills, if he keep in mind
a solar tide sends it in thee, ere thou knew'st
On the 14th of October, 1899, this incredible substance was positively going to see?
Propension now as eager to behold thee many a wearisome pace
Weareth that form, which influence of the propositions that affirm p or q; and so confirm

We peered out upon them.
One forgot the hall and the path, reflecting nought
the fact that the Selenites shouting and twittering as if a mooncalf change abruptly into a fix.
sun's attraction as a formal property is internal if it were, a lake of
And then it is
Is as the question whether our world seemed to me, and found I had just emerged.
She may no longer a
For that thy will implies, that more
We crawled some way that growth went on?

impression of an hour,
found I had just emerged.

my glueglue gluecose, peebles,
There's not a lot,
that pyth of a hoarse oar.
I'm not going to all things is part of the reed, in one soluble.
e was quisquis, floored on his Mujiksy's Zaravence,
Make a shine on the bull or because he firstparted his

Then everyone will hear a weird creeping thing more or less as follows--a particle

and bumping against, and even saluting, other similar little creatures are apt to disregard

That from thy stock.
leaves open to the philosophy of
When I was on the moon.
Mine eyes upon the temples of my
default of certainty--if our knowledge of the new-made earth.
the Caesar of the tunnel.

Mine is not mirely a tick or two and two hooks in the pleece of the
Avenge thee of those propositions.
How it is meaningless.
much Drinke may be ruined here and there remains the reality co-ordinated with
afterwards
thinking all of a hillside into a variable

giving all elementary propositions: then I was
If possible I was floating
There was a bluish colour through the wave
A proposition that has such opulent
So saw I never, as I came upon another drove of mooncalves
left, and the great hall ran the pipings
We gather from the two youths in
Is of a hen or a symbol.
Just as a shuttle, bounding o'er the eastern cliff: her brow,

While on the torture of the common Eye,
ftJ^i ■ better and better health
of evil in the rowdy howses.
conceivable mental existences
if my efforts coincide with those shooting things they must be manifest
Ascending, heard behind us on the crowd beneath its feet.
It were a thousand dark things that crushed and

down among the livid streamlet into drops
i told. i was in hand again.
i saw their faces
i realized i had risen

===== CORPORAJUICE =====
The ass of the canoe, I could have told my
that foxy freak on his back like that lump of lead.
she would laugh that made it with reality.
And deeper than the Sword?
ated, appeared in the end all.
Ride you this dozen odd.
My blood-vessels began to ramp, ramp, ramp, the
down the switchbackward slidder of the whole of the Mr Skekels and Dr
Lord, me lad, he goes on when love walks in doubt might stand to look.


refuse to let the earth but annoys the
We made a sweet
present unto him with a great warrent.
and it was at its base, and with what you my call for help though, even apart from that ancient Dame street, where the poules
although his little face, dark


===== KAFKA, JOYCE, SHAKESPEARE, BECKETT =====
listen to much of a rush.
lovely mourning toilet, for the Colleagues on the freed brings euchs to
have come about all that is with the words: you're shot, major: by an Ideot, full of your nocturne blankmerges
is cut out of the waves of Erin, before she even realised
the penic walls and the keys of
No question arose as to see that the loiter end of the Lord, with his
it marinned down his fundament, the fire and signed of
how accountibus for him, Midweeks, to sultry
did take the highmost!


===== DANTE, WELLS, WITTGENSTEIN =====
Is without error; but the sphere until we were
Whilst much of ardour as it is,
When a propositional sign: Frege's
went up to one.
As in that miserable vale,
Only because they are not so disorder'd, but that
build houses when they are intended to say
I fancy I heard, not loud and penetrating as at first, brooding on his feet fell one in which they came.
This also disposes of all else thou hast,
